Update configure-email-notifications.md (#5382)
MicrosoftDocs/windowsserverdocs: WindowsServerDocs/storage/fsrm/configure-email-notifications.md

6. Click **OK**.

## To configure e-mail options using PowerShell

> You use the `Set-FsrmSetting` cmdlet to set the e-mail configuration and the `Send-FsrmTestEmail` cmdlet to sent a test email as follows:

Reviewer: Readability adjustments and typo correction:
```suggestion
You can use the `Set-FsrmSetting` cmdlet to set the e-mail configuration and the `Send-FsrmTestEmail` cmdlet to send a test email as shown in the following example:
```
